# DomainPeriodDiscoverApiioTHost

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agent_version** | Option<**String**> | The version of the Falcon sensor that's installed on the asset. | [optional]
**aid** | Option<**String**> | The agent ID of the Falcon sensor installed on the asset. | [optional]
**available_disk_space** | Option<**i32**> | The Amount of available disk space on the asset in GB | [optional]
**average_memory_usage** | Option<**i32**> | The average memory usage in the last 15 minutes on the asset | [optional]
**average_processor_usage** | Option<**i32**> | The average processor usage in the last 15 minutes on the asset | [optional]
**bios_id** | Option<**String**> | The id of the bios on the asset | [optional]
**bios_manufacturer** | Option<**String**> | The name of the asset's BIOS manufacturer. | [optional]
**bios_version** | Option<**String**> | The asset's BIOS version. | [optional]
**business_criticality** | Option<**String**> | The business criticality of the IoT asset. | [optional]
**cid** | **String** | The asset's customer ID. |
**city** | Option<**String**> | The name of the city where the asset is located. | [optional]
**claroty_id** | Option<**String**> | The external ID of the IoT Device in 3rd Party System(Claroty). | [optional]
**computed_internet_exposure** | Option<**String**> | Whether the asset is exposed to the internet (Yes or Unknown) | [optional]
**computed_internet_exposure_external_ip** | Option<**String**> | External IP that is exposed to the Internet | [optional]
**computed_internet_exposure_last_seen** | Option<**String**> | Timestamp when the asset was last seen as exposed to the Internet | [optional]
**confidence** | Option<**i32**> | The level of confidence that the asset is a corporate asset (25 = low confidence, 50 = medium confidence, 75 = high confidence). | [optional]
**country** | Option<**String**> | The name of the country where the asset is located. | [optional]
**cpu_processor_name** | Option<**String**> | The Detailed processor name | [optional]
**credential_guard_status** | Option<**bool**> | The credential guard status of the asset | [optional]
**current_local_ip** | Option<**String**> | The last seen local IPv4 address of the asset. | [optional]
**data_providers** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The asset's data providers. | [optional]
**data_providers_count** | Option<**i32**> | The number of data providers for the asset. | [optional]
**device_class** | Option<**String**> | The Device Class of IoT Asset | [optional]
**device_family** | Option<**String**> | The Device Family of IoT Asset | [optional]
**device_guard_status** | Option<**bool**> | The device guard status of the asset | [optional]
**device_slots** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::DomainPeriodDiscoverApiDeviceSlot>**](domain.DiscoverAPIDeviceSlot.md)> | The slots of IoT Asset | [optional]
**device_type** | Option<**String**> | The Device Type of IoT Asset | [optional]
**discoverer_count** | Option<**i32**> | The number of sources that discovered the asset. | [optional]
**discoverer_ics_collector_ids** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | A list of agent IDs of the Falcon sensors installed on the source hosts that discovered the asset via ICS Asset discovery mechanism | [optional]
**discoverer_product_type_descs** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The product type descriptions of the sources that discovered the asset. | [optional]
**disk_sizes** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::DomainPeriodDiscoverApiDiskSize>**](domain.DiscoverAPIDiskSize.md)> | The names and sizes of the disks on the asset | [optional]
**dragos_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID generated by dragos asset discovery mechanism | [optional]
**encrypted_drives** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The list of encrypted drives on the asset | [optional]
**encrypted_drives_count** | Option<**i32**> | The count of encrypted drives on the asset | [optional]
**encryption_status** | Option<**String**> | The encryption status of the asset | [optional]
**entity_type** | Option<**String**> | The type of asset (managed, unmanaged, unsupported). | [optional]
**external_ip** | Option<**String**> | The external IPv4 address of the asset. | [optional]
**field_metadata** | Option<[**::std::collections::HashMap<String, crate::models::DomainPeriodDiscoverApiFieldMetadata>**](domain.DiscoverAPIFieldMetadata.md)> | Lists the data providers for each property in the response (Cannot be used for filtering, sorting, or querying). | [optional]
**first_seen_timestamp** | Option<**String**> | The first time the asset was seen in your environment. | [optional]
**groups** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The host management groups the asset is part of. | [optional]
**hostname** | Option<**String**> | The asset's hostname . | [optional]
**ics_id** | Option<**String**> | The ID generated by ICS collector asset discovery mechanism | [optional]
**id** | **String** | The unique ID of the asset. |
**internet_exposure** | Option<**String**> | Whether the asset is exposed to the internet (Yes or Unknown) | [optional]
**iommu_protection_status** | Option<**String**> | The iommu protection status of the host | [optional]
**kernel_dma_protection_status** | Option<**bool**> | The kernel dma protection status of the asset | [optional]
**kernel_version** | Option<**String**> | For Linux and Mac hosts: the major version, minor version, and patch version of the kernel for the asset. For Windows hosts: the build number of the asset. | [optional]
**last_discoverer_ics_collector_id** | Option<**String**> | The agent ID of the Falcon sensor installed on the source host that most recently discovered the asset via ICS Asset discovery mechanism | [optional]
**last_seen_timestamp** | Option<**String**> | The most recent time the asset was seen in your environment. | [optional]
**local_ip_addresses** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The IoT asset's IP address list | [optional]
**local_ips_count** | Option<**i32**> | The number of historical local IPv4 addresses the asset has had. | [optional]
**logical_core_count** | Option<**i32**> | The Number of Logical Cores on the asset | [optional]
**mac_addresses** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The IoT asset's MAC address list | [optional]
**machine_domain** | Option<**String**> | The domain name the asset is currently joined to (applies only to Windows hosts). | [optional]
**max_memory_usage** | Option<**i32**> | The max memory usage in the last 15 minutes on the asset | [optional]
**max_processor_usage** | Option<**i32**> | The max processor usage in the last 15 minutes on the asset | [optional]
**memory_total** | Option<**i64**> | The Total memory. | [optional]
**mount_storage_info** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::DomainPeriodDiscoverApiMountStorageInfo>**](domain.DiscoverAPIMountStorageInfo.md)> | The path, used and available space on mounted disks | [optional]
**network_id** | Option<**String**> | The network ID to which device is connected. | [optional]
**network_interfaces** | Option<[**Vec<crate::models::DomainPeriodDiscoverApiNetworkInterface>**](domain.DiscoverAPINetworkInterface.md)> | The asset's network interfaces. | [optional]
**number_of_disk_drives** | Option<**i32**> | The number of active physical drives available on the system | [optional]
**os_is_eol** | Option<**String**> | Whether the asset is at end of support (Yes, No, or Unknown) | [optional]
**os_version** | Option<**String**> | The OS version of the asset. | [optional]
**ou** | Option<**String**> | The organizational unit of the asset (applies only to Windows hosts). | [optional]
**physical_core_count** | Option<**i32**> | The number of physical CPU cores available on the system | [optional]
**platform_name** | Option<**String**> | The platform name of the asset (Windows, Mac, Linux). | [optional]
**processor_package_count** | Option<**i32**> | The number of physical processors available on the system | [optional]
**product_type** | Option<**String**> | The product type of the asset represented as a number (1 = Workstation, 2 = Domain Controller, 3 = Server). | [optional]
**product_type_desc** | Option<**String**> | The product type of the asset (Workstation, Domain Controller, Server). | [optional]
**protocols** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The list of protocols supported by the device | [optional]
**purdue_level** | Option<**String**> | The purdue level of IoT Asset | [optional]
**reduced_functionality_mode** | Option<**String**> | Whether the asset is in reduced functionality mode (Yes or No) | [optional]
**secure_boot_enabled_status** | Option<**bool**> | The secure boot enabled status of the asset | [optional]
**secure_boot_requested_status** | Option<**bool**> | The secure boot requested status of the asset | [optional]
**secure_memory_overwrite_requested_status** | Option<**String**> | The secure memory overwrite requested status of the asset | [optional]
**site_name** | Option<**String**> | The site name of the domain the asset is joined to (applies only to Windows hosts). | [optional]
**subnet** | Option<**String**> | The subnet to which device is connected. | [optional]
**system_guard_status** | Option<**String**> | The system guard status of the asset | [optional]
**system_manufacturer** | Option<**String**> | The asset's system manufacturer. | [optional]
**system_product_name** | Option<**String**> | The asset's system product name. | [optional]
**system_serial_number** | Option<**String**> | The asset's system serial number. | [optional]
**tags** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The sensor and cloud tags of the asset. | [optional]
**total_bios_files** | Option<**i32**> | The count of bios files measured by the firmware image | [optional]
**total_disk_space** | Option<**i32**> | The Total amount of disk space available on the asset in GB | [optional]
**uefi_memory_protection_status** | Option<**String**> | The uefi memory protection status of the asset | [optional]
**unencrypted_drives** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The list of unencrypted drives on the asset | [optional]
**unencrypted_drives_count** | Option<**i32**> | The count of unencrypted drives on the asset | [optional]
**used_disk_space** | Option<**i32**> | The Current amount of used disk space on the asset in GB | [optional]
**virtual_zone** | Option<**String**> | The Virtual Zone name in which device is installed. | [optional]
**virtualization_based_security_status** | Option<**bool**> | The virtualization based security status of the asset | [optional]
**vlan** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The VLAN IDs to which device is connected. | [optional]
**xdome_id** | Option<**String**> | The external ID of the IoT Device in 3rd Party System(Claroty Xdome) | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
